We broke down a few miles outside of a small, backwater town in the middle of nowhere. I was asleep when it happened.
We had to push the damn thing all the way into town. It was hot, dusty, and way too bright for someone who had just woken up in the back of an RV.
Norman took it in stride, as he does with most things. To him, a breakdown is just another adventure on the road trip. He’s always had that optimism.
His chipper demeanor faded into something of confusion once he popped the hood and immediately saw why the van was no longer running.
The entire thing was overgrown with plant life.
Right now, the van is sitting on Main Street, along with me and Norman, drenched in sweat. The sun is high in the sky and beating down hard.
Norman turns to me, a smile on his face in spite of his clear exhaustion, and breathes in relief.
"Are you as hungry as I am right now?"
I am pretty hungry, I notice. I had been too busy pushing the van to realise until now.
"Yeah, actually. We didn’t get a chance to grab breakfast."
Norman scans the street slowly, frowning.
"I’ll see if I can find somewhere we can get some food."
He furrows his brow and glances toward the van.
"I don't understand anything about what happened... The engine was perfect back at the Grand Canyon."
He shakes the worry from his face and gives me a small smile, his eyes sparkling.
"In the meantime, how about you see the mechanic about it. I'll find us some food."
Before disappearing, he waves over his shoulder and shouts.
"I’ll try to find a local map too!"
With that, he’s gone, and I’m left alone in front of the garage.
The air inside the garage is thick with the smell of oil. It’s almost hard to breathe.
I hear music from a cassette player on one of the many shelves that line the walls. The only other noise is that of the mechanic himself at work underneath a jacked up car.
All I can see of him are his legs, and occasionally his hand reaching for a new tool. He hums to the chorus of the song playing.
He pushes himself out from underneath the car and sits up to wipe his forehead, still tapping his foot to the music. He notices me standing there, and stands to greet me with a smile on his face.
His hair is short, messy and slick with motor oil. From the various patches sewn clumsily onto his jumpsuit, it’s clear that he’s a fan of science fiction.
He cleans off his glasses and leans against the car, still smiling at me.
"Hey, I’m Mike. How can I help you?"
"My friend and I actually had our van break down outside of town…"
Mike’s face becomes unreadable for a moment. I wonder briefly what he’s thinking about.
"I see… Well, I’ll take a look at it and see what I can do. I’ll get to work right away. What's your name, stranger?"
"I'm [name] [surname]. The van's registered to Norman Coltrane, he's in town too."
Mike pulls a small notebook and a pen from his overalls and quickly jots something down.
"Well, sir, if you come back in a few hours I’ll have the van looked at and hopefully we’ll know what the problem is. Stop by this evening and we can talk."
We say our goodbyes and I return outside, into the blistering sunlight.
When I step outside I see Norman leaning against the RV. He has what looks to be a map in his hands, and is scanning it intently.
He notices me approaching, and raises his eyes to meet mine, grinning.
"[name]! Look what I found."
He reaches into the back pocket of his jeans and pulls out a second map, which he presses into my hands.
"Here. This town’s small, but who knows? You could still get lost."
"There’s a motel right across the street. Do you mind checking us in? We can’t exactly use the RV tonight."
"I'll grab some burgers or something and we can meet up there."
He gives me one last wave as he wanders up the street, leaving me to take care of our accommodation for the night.
The motel lobby is way too brightly lit. The decoration in here is tacky, and it’s clear they don’t get a lot of business.
Behind the front desk sits a woman with brown hair and light eyes who doesn’t look like she wants to be there at all.
She’s flipping through a magazine absentmindedly. I don’t think she’s even noticed I’m here yet.
"... Can I help you?"
Yes she has.
"Uh. I'm looking for a room."
The woman closes her magazine and tosses it onto the counter in front of her. She opens a drawer and rummages in it for a second before pulling out a ledger and opening it, turning it to face me.
"Our rates are listed here. Sign here and I'll get you a key."
I get a room with two beds. The woman hands me a key and picks up her magazine again.
"Thanks. I'm Liz. If you need anything I'm usually here. If not, my brother runs the gift store next door."
When I turn to leave, I find myself bumping into someone on their way in.
"‘scuse me."
The man in front of me has dark, curly hair and a scratchy shadow of stubble on his face.
He looks at me with tired eyes and nurses the coffee cup in his hand.
"New in town, huh? Me too."
"Detective Kessler. The mayor hired me. Have you heard the stories about this place?"
He seems to notice my lack of recognition and continues.
"Locals think there’s some kind of monster breaking everything in town. It’s probably just some kid but you know how small communities are."
That’s when I notice a small face peek out from behind him.
Trailing along behind the detective is a young girl who peers up at me cautiously, clutching firmly onto him. Kessler glances down at her.
"This is Julie, she’s my daughter."
"... Hi."
Julie tugs on his pants leg urgently, signalling that she does not want to be here right now. The detective sighs and ruffles her hair.
"I better get moving."
He grumbles to himself and moves past me, toward the rooms.
"Be seeing you."
With that, I’m left in the motel lobby with Liz again, who has evidently not been paying attention to our exchange and doesn’t seem to care.
I might as well check out the gift store while I'm here.
The souvenirs that line the shelves look like they've been here for months. There's a layer of dust coating each one.
Behind the desk sits a man who has fallen asleep in his wheelchair. Like the main section of the motel, this gift shore doesn't seem to get much business.
I clear my throat and make my presence known. The man jolts awake and his eyes light up at the sight of a potential customer.
His relation to Liz is evident in his face. He has the same brown hair and light eyes, though he looks considerably less stern and more uncertain.
"Welcome to Cooper's Motel & Gift Store! I'm Scott, what can I do for you?"
"I'm just looking... I'm [name]. I'm new in town and thought I'd introduce myself."
He looks a little bit let down, but quickly regains his cheery composure.
"Pleasure to meet you! It's rare to see fresh faces in Coyote Creek... It's a shame, really. This town has a lot of charm."
He glances back at the objects on display and frowns.
"... It really is an underrated place."
He snaps out of it and looks back at me, his smile returning to his face.
"I hope you like it here. Feel free to drop by whenever you want. I've always got time."
Pushing the van took a lot of energy, so Norman and I spent the rest of the day relaxing.
Mike says it could take up to a week to fix, so it looks like we're stuck here for a while.
Hopefully I can find some way to spend the time.
"Hey."
I smile a little sheepishly.
"Hey."
Norman returns the smile. His cheeks darken.
"So... Hitting the road again, are we?"
"I guess we are..."
His expression becomes serious.
"[name], I... I want to apologise. For getting so needy last night. I wasn't sure if..."
I shake my head and move my hands to his wrists. He stops talking and just looks at me.
"You have nothing to apologise for, Norman. I'm glad you told me how you felt."
Norman's face softens. He looks so relieved.
"... Okay."
"So... When we get back..."
"This will still be us. Together."
"I'd like that..."
We sit in the van for a moment just to enjoy eachother's company. Eventually, Norman grins and pulls out his keys.
"So... Moment of truth?"
The engine sounds perfect. Norman laughs in excitement.
"Time to go home then!"
He releases the handbrake, shifts into gear, and begins to pull away from Coyote Creek.
The town gets smaller in the mirror. My heart aches for a moment, leaving behind this place that feels so special to us.
I let my hand drift to Norman's on the gearstick and see him grin from the corner of my eye.
San Francisco is miles away, but with him next to me, I already feel like I'm home.
You got Norman's good end.
You got Norman's neutral end.
You got Norman's bad end.
You got Norman's worst end.
You got Mike's best end.
You got Mike's good end.
You got Mike's neutral end.
You got Mike's bad end.
You got Mike's worst end.
You got Kessler's best end.
You got Kessler's good end.
You got Kessler's neutral end.
You got Kessler's bad end.
You got Scott's worst end.
You got Scott's best end.
You got Scott's good end.
You got Scott's neutral end.
You got Scott's bad end.
You got Scott's worst end.
"The food here's pretty good! Something you need, [name]?"
"So… flowers?"
"Yeah. Flowers."
"How do you think they got there?"
"Okay, hear me out…"
"Maybe there’s something to the local legends. It could be a monster."
"Come on, just hear me out!"
"I knew you would."
"The engine had nothing on it when i last checked it. [name], that was right before we started moving again, there’s no explanation for it."
"We should conduct an investigation. It could be fun!"
"So, do you wanna go ghost hunting?"
"Alright. I’m not finished with my breakfast yet so I’ll be here."
"Later then!"
